server/express/README.md, before:

- [express-validator](https://github.com/ctavan/express-validator)
- [How do Express.js Sessions work?](https://medium.com/dailyjs/techniques-for-decomposing-react-components-e8a1081ef5da)
- [frontexpress](https://github.com/camelaissani/frontexpress)

---

# 中间件
- 日志

    - [morgan](https://github.com/expressjs/morgan) - HTTP request logger middleware for node.js.
    - [winston](https://github.com/winstonjs/winston) - A multi-transport async logging library for node.js.

- 解析

    - [cookie-parser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cookie-parser) - https://github.com/expressjs/cookie-parser.
    - [body-parser](https://github.com/expressjs/body-parser) - Parse incoming request bodies in a middleware before your handlers, available under the req.body property.
    - [multer](https://github.com/expressjs/multer) - Node.js middleware for handling `multipart/form-data`.
    - [busboy](https://github.com/mscdex/busboy) - A node.js module for parsing incoming HTML form data.
    - [multiparty](https://github.com/pillarjs/multiparty) - Parse http requests with content-type multipart/form-data, also known as file uploads.

- 代理

    - [http-proxy-middleware](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-proxy-middleware) - Node.js proxying made simple. Configure proxy middleware with ease for connect, express, browser-sync and many more.

- 其他

    - [serve-favicon](https://github.com/expressjs/serve-favicon)

# 模板
- [hackathon-starter](https://github.com/sahat/hackathon-starter)
- [express-es6-rest-api](https://github.com/developit/express-es6-rest-api)

# TODO

- https://hackernoon.com/hot-reload-all-the-things-ec0fed8ab0
- https://github.com/ericclemmons/start-server-webpack-plugin
- https://www.airpair.com/node.js/posts/top-10-mistakes-node-developers-make
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24750395/reload-express-js-routes-changes-without-restarting-server

Commit message:

add watcher andr update express, process

server/express/README.md, after:

- [express-validator](https://github.com/ctavan/express-validator)
- [How do Express.js Sessions work?](https://medium.com/dailyjs/techniques-for-decomposing-react-components-e8a1081ef5da)
- [frontexpress](https://github.com/camelaissani/frontexpress)

---

# 中间件
- 日志

    - [morgan](https://github.com/expressjs/morgan) - HTTP request logger middleware for node.js.
    - [winston](https://github.com/winstonjs/winston) - A multi-transport async logging library for node.js.

- 解析

    - [cookie-parser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cookie-parser) - https://github.com/expressjs/cookie-parser.
    - [body-parser](https://github.com/expressjs/body-parser) - Parse incoming request bodies in a middleware before your handlers, available under the req.body property.
    - [multer](https://github.com/expressjs/multer) - Node.js middleware for handling `multipart/form-data`.
    - [busboy](https://github.com/mscdex/busboy) - A node.js module for parsing incoming HTML form data.
    - [multiparty](https://github.com/pillarjs/multiparty) - Parse http requests with content-type multipart/form-data, also known as file uploads.

- 代理

    - [http-proxy-middleware](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-proxy-middleware) - Node.js proxying made simple. Configure proxy middleware with ease for connect, express, browser-sync and many more.

- 其他

    - [serve-favicon](https://github.com/expressjs/serve-favicon)

# 模板
- [hackathon-starter](https://github.com/sahat/hackathon-starter)
- [express-es6-rest-api](https://github.com/developit/express-es6-rest-api)

# 常见问题
## 重定向
- [express-urlrewrite](https://github.com/kapouer/express-urlrewrite)
- [In App redirect in expressjs using middleware](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19079497/in-app-redirect-in-expressjs-using-middleware)

# TODO

- https://hackernoon.com/hot-reload-all-the-things-ec0fed8ab0
- https://github.com/ericclemmons/start-server-webpack-plugin
- https://www.airpair.com/node.js/posts/top-10-mistakes-node-developers-make
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24750395/reload-express-js-routes-changes-without-restarting-server
